Document known Flyway issues and configuration examples (#47766)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/flyway.adoc

----

**Note**: In this context globally means `for all extensions that support init task externalization`.

== Known Issues in Flyway

> === Oracle: Multiple schemas in DevServices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Oracle: Multiple schemas in Dev Services
```

When having multiple schemas in Oracle, you can use the `quarkus.flyway.schemas` property to specify the schemas that Flyway should manage.

> However, because this is executed in the DB as the `quarkus` user, you need to either give DBA privileges to the user that is executing the migration (`quarkus`) or perform the necessary DDLs before the devservice starts. This is done with the `quarkus.datasource.devservices.init-script-path` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, because this is executed in the DB as the `quarkus` user, you need to either give DBA privileges to the user that is executing the migration (`quarkus`) or perform the necessary DDLs before the Dev Service starts. This is done with the `quarkus.datasource.devservices.init-script-path` configuration.
```
